Hi! I'm Karen for Expert Village. Now, we'll
stuff the body. Just small clumps at a time
makes it a lot easier to manage it. If you
try to take too large an amount at once, it's
too difficult and bunches up and gets in the
way. You can push extra stuffing into this
area here. The idea is to end stuffing just
the immediate area around the hole. That's
a little too much, so I'm going to take some
out. We're pushing that in. The way you stuff
it is important because if you just start
jamming the stuffing into the stuffed animal
without doing the legs and the head and the
tail first, you'll end up with really flat
floppy legs, tail and head and a tight body.
This way if we do the head first and the legs
and the tail, then we end up with nice firm
extremities and a nice firm middle. Now we're
all stuffed. He's so cute. We're going to
sew up the side. Now I'm going to sew up the
side of the doggy. You want to just push in
that stuffing so it's no in you way. I have
a threaded needle with a good size knot and
I'm going to put my needle in through the
hole and coming out to the front and pull
that knot inside so we're not going to see
it. Then just do the same whip stitch to finish
off. It might be a little bit harder but not
really. If the stuffing is hanging out and
you want, then you can just push it, push
it in there tight. Then after you finish stitching,
you can squeeze and shift the stuffing around
a little bit in the body section, but clear
it away from the opening so you can work easily.
We're pretty tight to the end here and we're
not going to knot it on the inside because
we can't do it on the inside this time so
we're just going to put one more thread through.
There's our loop. Pull that loop. There's
another loop.
We'll just cut that off fairly close. That's
pretty neat. It's okay to have a knot on the
outside. Next, we're going to sew our nose
and our eyes.